WSGI: stands for "Web Server Gateway Interface".
It's used to forward requests from a web server (such as Apache or NGINX) to a backend Python web application or framework.
From there, responses are then passed back to the webserver to reply to the requestor.

- Requests are sent from the client's browser to the server.
- WSGI forwards the request to the webserver python app.
- The webserver python app returns the response for the request back to the server and onto the browser.

Most Python frameworks include a basic development server that can be used while building a web application.
When the app is ready to go live from a staging to production environment, most deployments will use WSGI.

There are two basic components of WSGI: server-side and web application (or framework).
The server-side element is going to invoke a callable object that is usually defined by a route.
Once invoked, the web application or framework contains the structure and the code that is to be executed.
In frameworks such as Flask, routes are defined with a decorator.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

In Python, a function is a first-class object, which means it is an instance of the Object type.
In short, it means there are no restrictions on the object's use. It's the same as any other object.

You can store the function in a variable.
This assignment doesn’t call the function.
It takes the function object referenced by shout and creates a second name pointing to it.
You can also store them in data structures such as hash tables, lists, etc.

You can pass the function as a parameter to another function.
Functions that can accept other functions as arguments are also called higher-order functions.

You can return the function from a function.
A Python function can have nested functions, which are functions defined inside another function.
In Python, this kind of function has direct access to variables and names defined in the enclosing function.
Inner functions have many uses, most notably as closure factories and decorator functions.




